Update nitro version and precompiles information (#2157)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/for-devs/dev-tools-and-resources/partials/precompile-tables/_ArbGasInfo.mdx

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L202"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>

>         GetCurrentTxL1GasFees gets the fee in wei paid to the batch poster for posting this tx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `GetCurrentTxL1GasFees` gets the fee in wei paid to the batch poster for posting this tx
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L212"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>

>         GetPricingInertia gets how slowly ArbOS updates the L2 basefee in response to backlogged gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `GetPricingInertia` gets how slowly ArbOS updates the L2 basefee in response to backlogged gas
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L222"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>

>         GetL1PricingSurplus gets the surplus of funds for L1 batch posting payments (may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `GetL1PricingSurplus` gets the surplus of funds for parent chain batch posting payments (may be
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L251"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>

>       <td>GetAmortizedCostCapBips gets the cost amortization cap in basis points</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>`GetAmortizedCostCapBips` gets the cost amortization cap in basis points</td>
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L256"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>

>       <td>GetL1FeesAvailable gets the available funds from L1 fees</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>`GetL1FeesAvailable` gets the available funds from parent chain fees</td>
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L271"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>

>         GetL1PricingFundsDueForRewards gets the amount of L1 calldata payments due for rewards (per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `GetL1PricingFundsDueForRewards` gets the amount of parent chain calldata payments due for rewards (per
```

>         the L1 reward rate) (Available since ArbOS 20)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        the parent chain reward rate) (Available since ArbOS 20)
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <a
          href="https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/v3.5.2/precompiles/ArbGasInfo.go#L281"
          target="_blank"
        >
          Implementation
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>

>         GetLastL1PricingSurplus gets the L1 pricing surplus as of the last update (may be negative)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `GetLastL1PricingSurplus` gets the parent chain pricing surplus as of the last update (may be negative)
```
